docs: add  `ngtsc` to glossary (#36781)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/glossary.md

Learn more about how Angular uses [Npm Packages](guide/npm-packages).

> {@ ngtsc}
> 
> ## ngtsc
> 
> `ngtsc` is an Typescript-to-Javascript transpiler that reifies Angular decorators into static properties.
> It is a minimal wrapper around `tsc` which includes a set of Angular transforms to convert angular code into javascript.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{@ ngc}

## ngc

`ngc` is a Typescript-to-Javascript transpiler that processes Angular decorators, metadata, and templates and emits JavaScript code.
The most recent implementation is internally refered to as `ngtsc` because it's a minimalistic wrapper around the TypeScript compiler `tsc` that adds a transform for processing Angular code.
```

Learn more about how Angular uses [Npm Packages](guide/npm-packages).

{@ ngc}
## ngc

> `ngc` is a Typescript-to-Javascript transpiler that processes Angular decorators, metadata, and templates and emits JavaScript code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`ngc` is a Typescript-to-Javascript transpiler that processes Angular decorators, metadata and templates, and emits JavaScript code.
```

Reviewer 2: If we are using an Oxford comma it ought to be at the end of the list of related items.
